
# Dataset 1: Computed entries 
### (**we provide this dataset in this repository**)
This is a dataset of power factors (~48k) originally taken from the materials project in which we condense seebeck/conductivity tensors into one number representing a “best case power factor” in a polycrystal -  we call this PF (T-cut, c-cut) avg. This dataset really only deals in these DFT + BoltzTrap computed power factors under quite a few assumptions (const. relaxation time approximation, polycrystal averaging, Temperature and carrier concentration cutoffs, “optimistic” behaviors, etc.). It does not involve zTs, as zTs require a lattice thermal conductivity (not easily calculable in high throughput as opposed to DFT+BoltzTrap). So this dataset is essentially lower fidelity power factor data only.
In general, we used the following procedure (which you can also find in the nature article’s methods section):

Each materials structure optimization and band structure calculation was performed with density functional theory (DFT)
using the projector augmented wave (PAW)29 pseudopotentials and the Perdew– Burke–Ernzerhof (PBE)30 generalized-gradient approximation (GGA), imple- mented in the Vienna Ab initio Simulation Package (VASP)31,32. A +U correction was applied to transition metal oxides16. Seebeck coefficient (S) and electrical conductivity (σ) were calculated using the BoltzTraP package33 using a constant relaxation time of 10−14 s at simulated temperatures between 300 K and 1,300 K and for carrier concentrations (doping) between 1016 cm−3 and 1022 cm−3. A 48,770-material subset of the calculations was taken from a pre- vious work16; the remaining calculations were performed in this work using the software atomate34. All calculations used the pymatgen28 Python library within the FireWorks35 workflow management framework. To more realistically eval- uate the thermoelectric potential of a candidate material, we devised a simple strategy to condense the complex behaviour of the S and σ tensors into a single power factor metric. For each semiconductor type η ∈ {n, p}, temperature T, and doping level c, the S and σ tensors were averaged over the three crystallo- graphic directions, and the average power factor, PFavg, was computed. PFavg is a crude estimation of the polycystalline power factor from the power factor of a perfect single crystal. To account for the complex behaviour of S and σ with T, c, and η, we then took the maximum average power factor over T, c, and η constrained to a maximum cutoff temperature Tcut and maximum cutoff doping ccut.Formally,thisisPFTcut,ccut ≡maxPF(η,T,c) such that T≤T ,c≤c .We
chose Tcut = 600 K and ccut = 10^20 cm^-3  because these values resulted in better  orrespondence with the experimental dataset than more optimistic values, owing to the limitations of the constant relaxation time approximation. The  resulting power factor, PF600 K, 10 20, is equated with ‘computed power factor’ in this study. To rank materials according to experimental power factors (or zT), we used the maximum value for a given stoichiometry across all experimental conditions present in the dataset from Gaultois et al.19

# Dataset 2: Experimental entries 
### (**we do not provide this dataset in this repository**). 

The other is a dataset aggregated from experimental zT entries taken from this publication: https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/cm400893e, known as the UCSB thermoelectrics dataset. You can download a reduced version of it here: https://figshare.com/articles/dataset/ucsb_thermoelectrics/14746212. This is the dataset which contains the 83 entries mentioned in the paper.
